Design Principles typo/grammar pass (#532)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/space-station-14/core-design/design-principles.md

```

# Design Principles
Here we go into more detail about each of SS14's Core Design Pillars by breaking them down further into design principles. Once again, these are not hard requirements, but expect to recieve heavy scrutiny on your design if you aren't following these. 

## Chaos

> The inherent complexity of Space station 14's sandbox combined with the unpredictabiltiy of human players creates a truly chaotic environment where anything can happen. This should be embraced when designing mechanics to fit SS14, especially with regards to giving players opportunities to cause mischief.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inherent complexity of Space Station 14's sandbox, combined with the unpredictability of human players, creates a truly chaotic environment where anything can happen. This should be embraced when designing mechanics to fit SS14, especially by giving players opportunities to cause mischief.
```

One key mantra to use when making new mechanics is "nothing is perfect". Conceptually, this means that **your mechanic should not allow for "perfect" solutions**. Make sure to sprinkle plently of opportunities for players to intentionally or unintentionally screw up while interacting with your mechanic.

It's also important to differentiate between potential chaos and guaranteed chaos. Mechanics should generally introduce potential chaos in the form of the choices players make while interacting with them. Mechanics that guarantee that a chaotic situation will always occur should be avoided since they would negatively impact player agency.

New mechanics should also be integrated with existing mechanics when possible to further increase variety in the potential outcomes players have when interacting with them. 

## Seriously Silly

> SS14, at its heart, is a horror comedy: on one hand you have a souless megacorp that cares nothing of its employees while exposing them to the horrific dangers of unknown space, while on the other you have clowns and incompetent assistants causing all sorts of hilarious disasters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SS14, at its heart, is a horror comedy: on one hand, you have a soulless megacorp that cares nothing for its employees while exposing them to the horrific dangers of unknown space, while on the other, you have clowns and incompetent assistants causing all sorts of hilarious disasters.
```

## Intuitive and Inter-Connected Simulation

If SS14's heart is being a horror comedy, then SS14's soul is simulation. SS13/14 has come a long way from the simple atmospherics simulator that Exadv1 wrote all those ages ago, yet at its Core SS14 features indepth atmospheric and power simulation. 

Part of the unique experience of Spacestation 14 is interacting with its indepth simulation gameplay while dealing with the chaos that comes from antagonists and random events. SS14's indepth simulation and numerous inter-system interactions work for the average player because "They just make sense."

Realism is not important and may end up causing gameplay/readability issues for players. **It's far more important that a Mechanic/Simulation is Intuitive than Realistic.** If a system completely realistically models a subject but requires someone with a PhD to understand how it works, that is a major problem. 

Any simulation-based mechanic or interaction should be easy to learn from in-game information alone and not require wiki- or textbook-diving to understand.

> When designing simulation-based mechanics, try to think of the different ways that existing systems/mechanics will interact with them. Inter-connected systems also help create more opportunties for players to create unique situations stemming from how those systems interact. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When designing simulation-based mechanics, try to think of the different ways that existing systems/mechanics will interact with them. Inter-connected systems also help create more opportunities for players to create unique situations stemming from how those systems interact. 
```

> Another word for this is Metagame (Meta for short), or where a particular choice, item, ability, etc. becomes the best possible option and all others are ignored in favor of getting the best advantage. **Avoid designing mechanics in a way where a "Meta" may be developed.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another word for this is Metagame (Meta for short), or where a particular choice, item, ability, etc., becomes the best possible option, and all others are ignored in favor of getting the best advantage. **Avoid designing mechanics in a way where a "Meta" may be developed.**
```

Author: I think, technically, the original usage is correct, but if adding a comma after et cetera improves readability, I'll cede this unless someone with an english degree can weigh in

Reviewer: If you think that's a better idea, it's your decision.
